lib: location: wifi: nRF9160 DK with nRF7002 EK support (#9039)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/modem_shell/README.rst

The LEDs have the following functions:

LED 1 (nRF9160 DK)/Purple LED (Thingy:91):

>    5 seconds on when a current location has been successfully acquired by using ''location get'' command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Lit for five seconds when the current location has been successfully acquired by using the ``location get`` command.
```

>    Lit for five seconds when the current location has been successfully acquired by using the ``location get`` command.

Author: Changed

#. Open the entry for your device in the **Devices** view.
#. Observe that location and device information are shown in the device page.

nRF9160 DK with nRF7002 EK Wi-Fi support
========================================

> To build the MoSh sample with nRF9160 DK & nRF7002 EK Wi-Fi support, use the ``-DSHIELD=nrf7002_ek``, ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=nrf9160dk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` and  ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-nrf7002ek-wifi-scan-only.conf`` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the sample with nRF9160 DK and nRF7002 EK Wi-Fi support, use the ``-DSHIELD=nrf7002_ek``, ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=nrf9160dk_with_nrf7002ek.overlay`` and  ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-nrf7002ek-wifi-scan-only.conf`` options.
```
